OSLib.!Readme 20000930

Installation
------------
  To install OSLib, open the archive which you downloaded from the  web site.
As you are  reading this, you  have already succeeded  in doing so.  However,
there are two archives, one is only suitable for  filing systems that support
more than 77 files per directory, and one which will work anywhere. Make sure
you have the appropriate one for your system. 

  Make sure you read the "Copying" text so that you know what you may and may
not legally do. 

  The "ChangeLog" text  contains details on  how OSLib  has evolved over  the
years, and  will  be  useful if  you're  upgrading,  and and  you  find  it's
behaviour to be subtly different.
 
  The "Docs" directory contains a  miscellany of useful documents, which  you
may read at your leisure.

  Finally, the OSLib directory is what  it's all about; you should copy  this
to a suitable  place on your hard  disc; probably in  the same place as  your
other libraries. Don't put it too low down in the directory structure; if you
do the path will become too long for the compiler to resolve it. Two or three
levels down should be OK.

Using OSLib
-----------
  At the top level in  the OSLib directory you  will find an Obey file  named
SetVars. When this is run, the OSLib:  path is set up. If you want  to change
it, that's fine, but the default is really all you need. Make sure SetVars is
executed before you attempt to build anything using the library.

  In any source file  from which you want  to call an OSLib veneer,  you will
have  to  specify  where  it  is  to  be  found  with  a  line  of  the  type
#include "oslib/wimp.h".  In this example,  the "oslib/"  prefix ensures that
"wimp.h"  is  loaded  from oslib,  as  opposed  to  any  other library.  When
compiling,  you  need  to  ensure that  the  compiler  can  locate OSLib,  by
specifying "-IOSLib:" on the command line.

  The  above gives the preferred  way of using  OSLib. However, much existing
code will not  contain the "oslib/" prefix in the #include line. If you don't
want  to change things, and are not  worried about name collissions, then you
may specift  "-IOSLibInclude:"  on the  command line,  which  will allow  the
compiler to locate  files without  the prefix.  In new code,  always use  the
prefixed form for safety.

If you still have problems, then subscribe to the OSLib-User mail list, as described on the web site, and ask your question there.

--------------------

Tony van der Hoff.